#PSAS meeting notes

##LV3

*Triple confirmed: the giant hunk of aluminum in the rocket lab is for the nosecone separation ring (NSR). They got it from Metal Supermarkets.
	*The NSR will attach to the nose via a standard module ring. We don't need to worry about co-molding a special ring.
*In the past, ASME has given students a bit of a run around, apparently. They will give the $ 350 prize really easily but then ask us to compete for the higher awards. So, if we are in a position where we would need to choose between doing something for ASME and doing anything in the lab, Andrew suggests we just do the lab stuff.
*The Github class will be next week... which is what they said last week.
*[AIAA paper](https://www.aiaa-space.org/)
	*If we do the the paper, we don't need to worry about ITAR/legal stuff, since our project doesn't really have anything to do with making weapons.
	*Erin suggested we might do the paper as a thing between both LV3 and LV4.
*[Metal Technology Inc.](http://www.mtialbany.com/) is based in Albany, and 3D printed a fin section for a university in some other state. So, they might be on board for helping with things. (Fin frame? Nose tip?)
*Andrew says we should just use the *sw-cad-airframe-lv3.0* repo for our work, rather than making a new one.
*Jeremy pointed out that if we reduce the angle of the fins, we will end up moving the center of pressure forward, and will need more fin area and/or nose mass to compensate. Also, as M -> 1, the center of pressure moves forward.
*Random thought: we might want to co-mold thermocouples into the nose cone, to have some indication as to whether or not the nose gets too hot during flight. That way, if it gets too hot, they'll at least know about it and maybe be able to replace it.

##General

* **In the future, when we have contact with businesses (or other public stuff) we should pass it by either Andrew or Erin.** They just want to double check things, since they want to form long term relationships with the companies that help us. This goes double for places like Boeing and SpaceX.
*When we make something physical, we should bring it to the meeting to show off.
*Anyone who is part of the PSAS group... If you have some event that your team is doing -- particularly something that others could join in on, like a CF layup -- add it to the PSAS Google calendar. You can do that by going to the /secret repository.
*There's an OMSI After Dark thing on March 30, if anyone's interested.
*Anyone who can make it to the PSAS meetings, I suggest doing so. Erin, Jeremy, and Andrew have been doing this for a while, and have some really good insights.​​
